All right, so I wanna give you
guys a try at the next one.
So we are gonna go from this design,
we just coded it, right?
Where we have our featured layout
here going across two columns.
We have all of those
cards underneath of it.
When we get to 700 pixels,
you have your featured cards
stretching across, now, three columns.
Okay, with the big picture and
the headings and so forth underneath.
So take five minutes,
see if you can do this yourself.
This is gonna come,
we have our 500 pixel media query.
So after this,
you're gonna continue to type code.
You're gonna need to write
a media query for 700 pixels.
And then you're gonna need to make
the changes in order to make this go to
three columns.
And remember,
you'll want to make sure that your window
is big enough to see your changes.
So make sure that it's
over 700 pixels wide.
Tell me what I need to type here.
Let's go through an answer here.
So what do I need to put in in order
to make the three columns underneath my
featured image?
What am I gonna put in, @media?
>> @media, I was looking into the
collapse, and that was already written.
>> That's okay, no worries.
>> [LAUGH]
>> @media (min-width: 700px), yeah, okay?
Then you were saying card-container.
>> Yep, display a grid with three columns,
grid-template-column, 1fr, 1fr, 1fr.
>> Okay, grid-template-columns,
and just for
fun, I'll say repeat(3, 1fr).
If you said 1fr, 1fr,
1fr, that totally works.
That's not a bad look right there.
Yeah, it's kind of cool, but
it's not what the designer wanted.
So what else did did you say, James?
>> I have the feature
grid-column go from 1 to 4.
>> Yeah, feature .
Hey, look at that.
And if we scroll down, there we go.
There's our three cards going underneath,
nice.
Again, we'll address
the alignment issues later.
But for right now,
we are absolutely fantastic.
Technically speaking, right here inside
of the card-container, the display: grid,
we actually don't need that.
And the reason why is because we've said
display: grid up here at the 500 pixel
media query.
So that will carry over into
the 700 pixel media query.
We can just indicate what has changed
in this particular case, all right?
But if you say display: grid again, it is
not the end of the world, it's just fine,